Since ancient times, simple manual devices like the abacus aided people in doing calculations. Early in the Industrial Revolution, some mechanical devices were built to automate long tedious tasks, such as guiding patterns for looms. More sophisticated electrical machines did specialized analog calculations in the early 20th century. The first digital electronic calculating machines were developed during World War II. The speed, power, and versatility of computers has increased continuously and dramatically since then.
The dominant desktop operating system is Microsoft Windows with a market share of around 83.3%. macOS by Apple Inc. is in second place (11.2%), and Linux is in third position (1.55%)).[3] In the mobile (smartphone and tablet combined) sector, according to third quarter 2016 data, Android by Google is dominant with 87.5 percent and a growth rate 10.3 percent per year, followed by iOS by Apple with 12.1 percent and a per year decrease in market share of 5.2 percent, while other operating systems amount to just 0.3 percent.[4] Linux is dominant in the server and supercomputing sectors. Other specialized classes of operating systems, such as embedded and real-time systems, exist for many applications.
However, the opposite is often true for newer 32-bit designs. For example, the Pentium Pro processor is a 32-bit machine, with 32-bit registers and instructions that manipulate 32-bit quantities, but the external address bus is 36 bits wide, giving a larger address space than 4 GB, and the external data bus is 64 bits wide, primarily in order to permit a more efficient prefetch of instructions and data.[3]
When the first digital computers appeared in the early 1940s,[9] the instructions to make them operate were wired into the machine. Practitioners quickly realized that this design was not flexible and came up with the "stored program architecture" or von Neumann architecture. Thus the division between "hardware" and "software" began with abstraction being used to deal with the complexity of computing.
Fortran (formerly FORTRAN, derived from "Formula Translation"[2]) is a general-purpose, imperative programming language that is especially suited to numeric computation and scientific computing. Originally developed by IBM[3] in the 1950s for scientific and engineering applications, Fortran came to dominate this area of programming early on and has been in continuous use for over half a century in computationally intensive areas such as numerical weather prediction, finite element analysis, computational fluid dynamics, computational physics, crystallography and computational chemistry. It is a popular language for high-performance computing[4] and is used for programs that benchmark and rank the world's fastest supercomputers.[5]
The company began as an in-house venture of Fusanosuke Kuhara's mining company in Hitachi, Ibaraki. Odaira moved headquarters to Tokyo in 1918. Long before that, he coined the company’s toponymic name by superimposing two kanji characters: hi meaning “sun” and tachi meaning “rise”. The young company's national aspirations were conveyed by its original brand mark, which evoked Japan's imperial rising sun flag.
Pločnik archaeological site in southeastern Europe (Serbia) contains the oldest securely dated[dubious – discuss] evidence of copper making at high temperature, from 5,000 BCE. The find in June 2010 extends for additional 500 years the earlier record of copper smelting from Rudna Glava (Serbia), dated to 5th millennium BCE.[4]
In 1959, Professor Beno Rothenberg, director of the Institute for Archeo-Metallurgical Studies at University College, London, led the Arabah Expedition, sponsored by the Eretz Israel Museum, and the Tel Aviv University Institute of Archaeology. The expedition included a deep excavation of Timna Valley, and by 1990 he discovered 10,000 copper mines and smelting camps with furnaces, rock drawings, geological features, shrines, temples, an Egyptian mining sanctuary, jewelry, and other artifacts never before found anywhere in the world.[12] His excavation and restoration of the area allowed for the reconstruction of Timna Valley’s long and complex history of copper production, from the Late Neolithic period to the Middle Ages.[13]
UCL has its main campus in the Bloomsbury area of central London, with a number of institutes and teaching hospitals elsewhere in central London and a satellite campus in Doha, Qatar. UCL is organised into 11 constituent faculties, within which there are over 100 departments, institutes and research centres. UCL operates several culturally significant museums and manages collections in a wide range of fields, including the Petrie Museum of Egyptian Archaeology and the Grant Museum of Zoology and Comparative Anatomy, and administers the annual Orwell Prize in political writing. In 2015/16, UCL had around 38,300 students and 12,000 staff (including around 7,100 academic staff and 840 professors) and had a total income of £1.36 billion, of which £530 million was from research grants and contracts.[2]
The title "Father of the Nation" is sometimes politically contested. The 1972 Constitution of Bangladesh declared Sheikh Mujibur Rahman to be "father of the nation". The BNP government removed this in 2004, to the protests of the oppostition Awami League, led by Rahman's daughter Sheikh Hasina.[5] A motion in the Parliament of Slovakia to proclaim controversial pre-war leader Andrej Hlinka "father of the nation" nearly passed in September 2007.[6]
The war in Europe concluded with an invasion of Germany by the Western Allies and the Soviet Union, culminating in the capture of Berlin by Soviet troops and the subsequent German unconditional surrender on 8 May 1945. Following the Potsdam Declaration by the Allies on 26 July 1945 and the refusal of Japan to surrender under its terms, the United States dropped atomic bombs on the Japanese cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki on 6 August and 9 August respectively. With an invasion of the Japanese archipelago imminent, the possibility of additional atomic bombings, and the Soviet Union's declaration of war on Japan and invasion of Manchuria, Japan surrendered on 15 August 1945. Thus ended the war in Asia, cementing the total victory of the Allies.
The term "great power" was first used to represent the most important powers in Europe during the post-Napoleonic era. The "Great Powers" constituted the "Concert of Europe" and claimed the right to joint enforcement of the postwar treaties.[11] The formalization of the division between small powers[12] and great powers came about with the signing of the Treaty of Chaumont in 1814. Since then, the international balance of power has shifted numerous times, most dramatically during World War I and World War II. In literature, alternative terms for great power are often world power[13] or major power,[14] but these terms can also be interchangeable with superpower.[15]
He graduated from Oberlin with an A.B. degree in 1948,[6] having switched his major to economics.[5] He was a Phi Beta Kappa[6] and also named an Amos Miller Scholar.
The prominent historian Arthur M. Schlesinger Jr., who served as one of his speechwriters, wrote that Stevenson was a "great creative figure in American politics. He turned the Democratic Party around in the fifties and made JFK possible...to the United States and the world he was the voice of a reasonable, civilized, and elevated America. He brought a new generation into politics, and moved millions of people in the United States and around the world."[2] Journalist David Halberstam wrote that "Stevenson's gift to the nation was his language, elegant and well-crafted, thoughtful and calming."[3] W. Willard Wirtz, his friend and law partner, once said "If the Electoral College ever gives an honorary degree, it should go to Adlai Stevenson."[4]
In February 1961, Schlesinger was first told of the "Cuba operation," which would eventually become the Bay of Pigs Invasion. He opposed the plan in a memorandum to the president: "at one stroke you would dissipate all the extraordinary good will which has been rising toward the new Administration through the world. It would fix a malevolent image of the new Administration in the minds of millions."[13] He, however, suggested.
Bouvier was enrolled in the Chapin School in Manhattan in 1935, which she attended for grades 1–6.[15][17] While a bright student, she often misbehaved; one of her teachers described her as "a darling child, the prettiest little girl, very clever, very artistic, and full of the devil".[18] Bouvier's mother attributed her behavior to her finishing assignments before classmates and then acting out in boredom.[19] Her behavior improved after the headmistress warned her that none of her positive qualities would matter if she did not behave.[19]
Janet Auchincloss made her debut in 1963. She studied at the Potomac School in McLean, Virginia, and Miss Porter's School in Farmington, Connecticut, the alma mater of her half-sisters Jacqueline and Lee. She went on to study music history at Sarah Lawrence College. She briefly dated future Secretary of State John Kerry.
In the spring of 1957, Bouvier was diagnosed with terminal liver cancer. He checked into Lenox Hill Hospital on July 27, 1957 to undergo chemotherapy. On August 1, he fell into a coma and died two days later on August 3 at the age of 66.[15] His funeral, which was arranged by his daughter Jacqueline, was held at St. Patrick's Cathedral in Manhattan after which he was buried in the Bouvier family plot at Most Holy Trinity Catholic Cemetery in East Hampton, New York.[16]
He received an Emmy Award in 1975 for the CBS miniseries Benjamin Franklin and again in 1978 for the NBC miniseries King. He has received 22 Emmy nominations in total.
Ross has also ventured into acting, with a Golden Globe Award and Academy Award-nominated performance for her performance in the film Lady Sings the Blues (1972). She also starred in two other films, Mahogany (1975) and The Wiz (1978), later acting in the television films Out of Darkness (1994), for which she also was nominated for a Golden Globe Award, and Double Platinum (1999). Ross was named the "Female Entertainer of the Century" by Billboard magazine. In 1993, the Guinness Book of World Records declared Ross the most successful female music artist in history, due to her success in the United States and United Kingdom for having more hits than any female artist in the charts, with a career total of 70 hit singles with her work with the Supremes and as a solo artist. Ross has sold more than 100 million records worldwide, when her releases with the Supremes and as a solo artist are tallied. In 1988, Ross was inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as member of the Supremes, alongside Mary Wilson and Florence Ballard. She was the recipient of the Kennedy Center Honors in 2007, and the Presidential Medal of Freedom in 2016. She is a 12-time Grammy nominee, never earning a competitive honor, but later became the recipient of the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2012. In December 2016, Billboard magazine named her the 50th most successful dance artist of all time.[1]
The Primettes signed to Motown Records in 1961, changing their name to The Supremes. In between that period, McGlown left to get married and was replaced by Barbara Martin. In 1962, the group was reduced to a trio after Martin's departure. The Supremes scored their first hit in 1963 with the song, "When the Lovelight Starts Shining Through His Eyes", and reached number-one on the pop charts for the first time with the hit, "Where Did Our Love Go", becoming their first of twelve number one singles for which Wilson was credited as member of the group (it later emerged that Motown used in-house background singers, The Andantes, for the hits Love Child and Someday We'll Be Together).
Given that I love technology, I’m convinced there’s a better way to stock my shelves, but haven’t seen the right solution yet. I do like the convenience around online shopping from Amazon, but there’s still a lag in the fulfillment that requires more planning than I’m capable of.
The police officers are never able to successfully hail a ride, but as far as they know, they’re just stuck in the wrong place at the wrong time. That’s how Uber was able to do perpetrate this scam for years, until a few Uber engineers with guilty consciouses came forward to blow the whistle.
Rather than being tasked with doing the most, high-performance employees (HPEs) are asked to solve the hardest problems in every company. They are the technicians, builders, designers, creatives, culture shapers, narrators and innovators. Together they erect product and industry across the globe. They are the focus of international recruiting, yet they remain largely misunderstood and poorly cared for. Certainly they are paid very well, but retention and morale trends are concerning.
Finally, display typefaces are typefaces that are only used for large headlines. Many display typefaces are serif and sans-serif versions that are specially tweaked to look good at large sizes. Display typefaces also include ornamentals and decoratives, which can come in all sorts of form and styles. Examples include Freight Display and Abril Fatface.
Facebook is looking for someone who understands how to identify trends/patterns within big data that will have a direct impact on revenue. That person also has enough knowledge of programming to efficiently make those discoveries and present them in a simple, concise fashion.
American democracy has suffered a wound that, however it heals, will leave nasty scars. On March 5th the White House announced that President Donald Trump is asking congressional intelligence committees to probe unspecified “reports” that the administration of Barack Obama abused its executive powers to launch, “potentially politically motivated investigations immediately ahead of the 2016 election”.
Until now. This year’s presidential election, the most exciting in living memory, promises an upheaval. The Socialist and Republican parties, which have held power since the founding of the Fifth Republic in 1958, could be eliminated in the first round of a presidential ballot on April 23rd. French voters may face a choice between two insurgent candidates: Marine Le Pen, the charismatic leader of the National Front, and Emmanuel Macron, the upstart leader of a liberal movement, En Marche! (On the Move!), which he founded only last year.
AS A supplier of momentary relief, the Great Depression seems an unlikely candidate. But when it turns up on page 363 of Walter Scheidel’s “The Great Leveler” it feels oddly welcome. For once—and it is only once, for no other recession in American history boasts the same achievement—real wages rise and the incomes of the most affluent fall to a degree that has a “powerful impact on economic inequality”. Yes, it brought widespread suffering and dreadful misery. But it did not bring death to millions, and in that it stands out.
WORLDWIDE electricity generation in 2015 was just over 24,000 terawatt-hours. Only a small proportion of that total comes from wind, geothermal, solar, biomass and waste, but it is growing fast. Renewable energy excluding hydro accounted for 6.7% of the global total in 2015 and increased by 213 terawatt-hours. This rise was roughly equivalent to the total increase in global power generated, reflecting efforts both to promote clean power sources and to reduce reliance on fossil fuels.
This week, it emerged that she had stepped down from a papal panel that is supposed to be tackling child abuse. To put it mildly, this is a body-blow to the credibility of the Holy See's efforts in this desperately important area. Ms Collins has been serving since 2014 on a Pontifical Commission for the Protection of Minors. But as her resignation statements made clear, the panel's work has encountered massive bureaucratic resistance from a much older and more powerful agency of the Vatican, the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith (CDF). Ms Collins felt she could not denounce this resistance with the necessary frankness as long as she remained, in some loose sense, a Vatican insider.
President Trump’s (technically not a) State of the Union address Tuesday night included lots of policy proposals but few details. He promised a new version of his controversial travel ban but didn’t explain how it would pass judicial scrutiny. He nodded to a tax overhaul favored by House Speaker Paul Ryan but didn’t quite endorse it. And he gave the rough outlines of a replacement for the Affordable Care Act but didn’t resolve any of the thorny questions that have made Republicans’ “repeal and replace” promise harder to keep than they expected. (“Nobody knew health care could be so complicated,” Trump told reporters Monday, drawing incredulous reactions from the approximately 100 percent of people who knew that health care could be so complicated.)
When Trump’s executive order first came out, it left the door open for the possibility of extending the temporary ban. I wrote at the time that “the longer Trump’s immigration restrictions remain in place, the more pushback he might encounter.” That was based on previous polls and may still may prove right, but, at least in terms of question wording, how long the ban lasts doesn’t seem to affect its support. Whether the order is described as temporary or as 90-days long, or whether no time limit is mentioned, approval remained at about 53 percent or 54 percent.
One obvious place to start is with the quality of the teams involved. I took every pair of teams that has played each other at least once every other season1 for at least a half-century, and sorted them by the average harmonic mean of the two teams’ Elo power ratings whenever they played. (I used the harmonic mean to make sure both teams hold up their end of the bargain in terms of high ratings.) By that measure, North Carolina and Duke have the fourth-best rivalry since 1950, which is when our dataset starts tracking Elo:2
These solar particle events can also be predicted, but sometimes only about 20 minutes in advance. The problem is, if you’re on the surface of Mars in a spacesuit or land vehicle, that may not be enough time to get to shelter. And if you’re exposed to one of these events, you could experience the kind of acute symptoms people suffered near the nuclear blast zone in Hiroshima, including severe nausea. “You are dead if you vomit in a spacesuit” because the fluid and particles glom up the air supply, Donoviel said. Even if that initial hit is survivable, the radiation wipes out blood cells, leaving you vulnerable to deadly infections. Better prediction tools would help give people more warning of a solar particle event and more time to reach shelter, she said.
With the Trump administration reportedly close to issuing a revised version of the executive order, it’s worth looking at a new study from Morning Consult, which was shared with FiveThirtyEight, that tested how question wording affected public support for the travel ban. Morning Consult asked 96 versions of the travel ban question to a total of more than 22,000 people in surveys that ran from Feb. 10 to Feb. 27. The results indicate that approval for the executive order remains mostly stable over time and across alternative wordings. This suggests that survey house effects or mode effects (whether the poll was conducted with live interviewers, online, etc.) explain much of the varying levels of support for the executive order. (More on this in a moment.)
Attorney General Jeff Sessions recused himself yesterday from any investigation the Justice Department carries out regarding Russian interference in the 2016 election. The announcement came a day after the revelation Sessions had met with the Russian ambassador twice in the course of the campaign despite testifying to Congress he hadn’t. Sessions brushed off the concerns, indicating that the two meetings had nothing to do with the campaign and instead pertained to official government business. Which is cool, but then why, when in Cleveland for the RNC, where he met with the ambassador, did Sessions make two payments of $1,395 to a Sheraton hotel from his campaign account and not his Senate account?
You’re lost in a corn maze, which is bad enough, but it’s also winter, and sunset is rapidly approaching. You know that the corn maze is a grid of 10 cells by 10 cells. There can be a wall between any pair of cells, and the whole exterior is walled off. (You were dropped in the maze by a helicopter, as is traditional.)
To be clear, Weber isn’t a traffic cone. He has finished in the top five in voting for the James Norris Memorial Trophy, which is given to the league’s best defenseman, five times in his career, and he hasn’t finished outside the top 10 since his second full NHL season in 2007-08. By any metric, Weber is among the best backliners of his generation. In fact, he’d probably sit at the head of the table at a “Best Defensemen to Never Win a Norris” banquet.
And there was a tangible difference in the team’s play. Without Gay’s ability to ease some of the scoring burden (his 26 percent usage rate was the team’s second-highest before the team remade itself at the trade deadline), Cousins was overworked in some fourth periods. His fourth-quarter usage rate jumped to 57.5 percent during the last week and a half of January, after Gay’s injury, up from 37 percent earlier in the same month. That’d be asking too much of anyone — let alone the NBA’s most double-teamed post player.
The Warriors understand this need better than most. Last April, after the Warriors had won an NBA-record 73 regular season games, league MVP Stephen Curry left Game 4 of the team’s first-round playoff game with a Grade 1 MCL sprain, after having missed Games 2 and 3 with a sprained ankle. Golden State limped through the remainder of that series and the beginning of the next without Curry, and fought through a tough matchup with Oklahoma City in the Western Conference Finals. But that glimpse of life without Curry in the postseason, and that Curry never really regained his MVP form afterward, made it clear that even the best regular season team in history is vulnerable to injuries at the top of the roster.
The Oklahoma City Thunder star has gone to his left almost three-quarters of the time when driving one-on-one this season, a career-high rate and an 11 percent increase from last season, according to data from Synergy Sports Technology. Yet despite going to his left on 74 percent of his drives — more frequently than any other NBA guard or small forward — and doing so without nearly as much scoring help as he had before, Westbrook has managed to increase his efficiency when in isolation scenarios. He’s scoring on one-on-one tries 40 percent of the time this season, up from 35 percent in 2015-16.
Sources said the president felt Sessions' recusal was unnecessary and only served to embolden Trump's political opponents. The attorney general made his announcement Thursday just as Trump returned to Washington from a trip to the U.S.S. Gerald Ford in Virginia for a speech about his agenda as president.
"Not only Pukguksong-2 but newer independent strategic weapons will fly high vigorously in the sky off the ground as long as the United States and the puppet regime are going ahead with their nuclear threat to us and an exercise for invasion war against the North," North Korea's Rodong Sinmun newspaper, the mouthpiece of the ruling Workers' Party said in a commentary last week.
He later threw doubt on the "One China" policy -- a tacit acknowledgement of China's claim to the self-ruled island -- suggesting that the decades-old diplomatic formulation was up for negotiation, which drew protests from China.
Noroozi has worked in India, Afghanistan and Iran, and served as head of the photo department for the Iran Daily, as well as for the Alvefagh newspaper, Iran Sport, the Iran Photo Agency, the Jamejam newspaper and Jamejam online.
These allegations have resulted in Mr Fillon's popularity slipping in opinion polls, and Sunday's rally was seen as a crucial test, with senior figures in his party said to be eyeing up a replacement.Just before the rally Christian Estrosi, a close ally of former President Nicolas Sarkozy, told BFMTV that senior Republicans would propose an alternative candidate in the coming hours.However, he said it was important "not to humiliate" Mr Fillon and allow him a "dignified" way out.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan hit out after German authorities cancelled rallies designed to woo ethnic Turkish voters in Germany ahead of a key referendum."Your practices are not different from the Nazi practices of the past," Mr Erdogan said.German Justice Minister Heiko Maas said the comments were "absurd, disgraceful and outlandish".
Eight people died in a 2009 militant attack on the Sri Lankan team in Lahore, which ended international cricket tours to Pakistan.But Sunday's test of a major match - the Pakistan Super League Twenty20 final - ended without incident.Thousands of troops, backed by air support, patrolled the area.
"For the part of the national security apparatus that I oversaw as DNI, there was no such wiretap activity mounted against the President-elect at the time, or as a candidate, or against his campaign," Clapper said Sunday morning on NBC's "Meet the Press."Asked whether he could confirm or deny whether the FBI could have tapped Trump's phones under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, Clapper was unequivocal.
The Spaniard took the first set 7-6 (3), but rain came with the second set even at 3-3. Organizers waited late into the evening before deciding to finish the match on Monday.Cuevas has won five ATP singles titles — all on clay. Ramos-Vinolas has one ATP singles title.
Isaiah Thomas, who scored 35 points but missed a free throw with 11.9 seconds left, took the inbounds pass and the Suns' Marquese Chriss knocked the ball away. Ulis grabbed it and tossed it up as the buzzer sounded.Ulis scored a career-best 20 points. Bledsoe had 28 for the Suns, who have won three in a row for the first time this season.
The match was delayed for more than two hours before organizers opted to restart it at noon local time on Monday.Uruguayan Cuevas is bidding for a third consecutive Brasil Open title.
The quarterly earnings report is a quarterly filing made by public companies to report their performance. Earnings reports include items such as net income, earnings per share, earnings from continuing operations and net sales. By analyzing quarterly earnings reports, investors can begin to gauge the financial health of the company and determine whether it deserves their investment.
