In 1856, Washington was born into slavery in Virginia as the son of Jane, an African-American slave.[4] After emancipation, she moved the family to West Virginia to join her husband Washington Ferguson. As a young man, Washington worked his way through Hampton Normal and Agricultural Institute (a historically black college now Hampton University) and attended college at Wayland Seminary (now Virginia Union University). In 1881, Washington was named as the first leader of the new Tuskegee Institute in Alabama, founded for the higher education of blacks.
Roosevelt was born on January 30, 1882, in the Hudson Valley town of Hyde Park, New York, to businessman James Roosevelt I and Sara Ann Delano. His parents were sixth cousins[7] and both were from wealthy old New York families. They were of mostly English descent; Roosevelt's patrilineal great-grandfather, Jacobus Roosevelt III, was of Dutch ancestry, and his mother's maiden name, Delano, could be traced to French Huguenot immigrant ancestors of the 17th century.[10][11] Their only child[12] was to have been named Warren, but Sara's infant nephew of that name had recently died.[13] Their son was named for Sara's uncle Franklin Hughes Delano.
Carver was born into slavery in Diamond Grove, Newton County, near Crystal Place, now known as Diamond, Missouri, possibly in 1864 or 1865, though the exact date is not known.[7][8] His master, Moses Carver, was a German American immigrant who had purchased George's parents, Mary and Giles, from William P. McGinnis on October 9, 1855, for $700. Carver had 10 sisters and a brother, all of whom died prematurely.
Theodore Roosevelt Jr. was born on October 27, 1858, at East 20th Street in New York City, New York.[4] He was the second of four children born to socialite Martha Stewart "Mittie" Bulloch and glass businessman and philanthropist Theodore Roosevelt Sr. He had an older sister, Anna (nicknamed "Bamie"), a younger brother, Elliott, and a younger sister, Corinne. Elliott was later the father of First Lady Anna Eleanor Roosevelt, the wife of Theodore's distant cousin, President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. His paternal grandfather was of Dutch descent;[5] his other ancestry included primarily Scottish and Scots-Irish, English[6] and smaller amounts of German, Welsh, and French.[7] Theodore Sr. was the fifth son of businessman Cornelius Van Schaack "C.V.S." Roosevelt and Margaret Barnhill. Theodore's fourth cousin, James Roosevelt I, who was also a businessman, was the father of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt. Mittie was the younger daughter of Major James Stephens Bulloch and Martha P. "Patsy" Stewart.[8] Through the Van Schaacks Roosevelt is a descendant of the Schuyler family.
Bamie was born in a brownstone home at 28 East 20th Street in New York City on January 18, 1855. She was the eldest child of businessman/philanthropist Theodore "Thee" Roosevelt (1831—1878) and socialite Martha Stewart "Mittie" Bulloch (1835—1884). In addition to brother Theodore Jr. (T.R.) (1858—1919), Bamie's siblings were socialite Elliott Bulloch Roosevelt (1860—1894) and writer/speaker Corinne Roosevelt (1861—1933). Bamie was afflicted by a spinal ailment that led to her being partially crippled and confined by corrective steel braces as a child.
Martin Luther was born on November 10, 1483, in Eisleben, Saxony, in modern southeast Germany. His parents, Hans and Margarette Luther, were of peasant linage, but Hans had some success as a miner and ore smelter. In 1484, the family moved to nearby Mansfeld, where Hans held ore deposits.
Born as Michael King Jr. on January 15, 1929, Martin Luther King Jr. was the middle child of Michael King Sr. and Alberta Williams King. The King and Williams families were rooted in rural Georgia. Martin Jr.'s grandfather, A.D. Williams, was a rural minister for years and then moved to Atlanta in 1893. He took over the small, struggling Ebenezer Baptist church with around 13 members and made it into a forceful congregation. He married Jennie Celeste Parks and they had one child that survived, Alberta. Michael King Sr. came from a sharecropper family in a poor farming community. He married Alberta in 1926 after an eight-year courtship. The newlyweds moved to A.D. Williams home in Atlanta.
F. Scott Fitzgerald was born Francis Scott Key Fitzgerald on September 24, 1896, in St. Paul, Minnesota. His namesake (and second cousin three times removed on his father's side) was Francis Scott Key, who wrote the lyrics to the "Star-Spangled Banner." Fitzgerald's mother, Mary McQuillan, was from an Irish-Catholic family that had made a small fortune in Minnesota as wholesale grocers. His father, Edward Fitzgerald, had opened a wicker furniture business in St. Paul, and, when it failed, he took a job as a salesman for Procter & Gamble that took his family back and forth between Buffalo and Syracuse in upstate New York during the first decade of Fitzgerald's life. However, Edward Fitzgerald lost his job with Procter & Gamble in 1908, when F. Scott Fitzgerald was 12, and the family moved back to St. Paul to live off of his mother's inheritance.
Drew Barrymore was born Drew Blythe Barrymore on February 22, 1975, in in Los Angeles, California. Barrymore is the daughter of actor John Drew Barrymore Jr. and Ildiko Jaid, but her family tree of actors doesn't end there: Her great-grandparents, Maurice Barrymore and Georgiana Drew, and grandparents John Barrymore and Dolores Costello, were also actors. Famous director Steven Spielberg is Barrymore's godfather.
Singer, actor, and TV star David Cassidy was born on April 12, 1950, in New York City. Son of actor and singer Jack Cassidy and actress Evelyn Ward, Cassidy has built his own career as an entertainer, most notably as one of the stars of the musical television series, The Partridge Family, in the 1970s. Growing up, he was surrounded by show business. His parents divorced when he was a child, and his father married actress and singer Shirley Jones in 1956.
Zelda Sayre Fitzgerald was born in Montgomery, Alabama on July 24, 1900. The daughter of a prominent judge, Anthony Dickinson Sayre (1858–1931), who served on the Supreme Court of Alabama, and Minnie Buckner Machen Sayre, she was the youngest of five children and lived a youthful life of privilege. As a teenager, Zelda was a talented dancer and socialite who challenged the gender norms of her time by drinking, smoking and spending much of her time with boys. 
Born in Austria in 1889, Adolf Hitler rose to power in German politics as leader of the National Socialist German Workers Party, also known as the Nazi Party. Hitler was chancellor of Germany from 1933 to 1945, serving as dictator for the bulk of his time in power. His policies precipitated World War II and led to the genocide known as the Holocaust, which resulted in the deaths of some 6 million Jews and another 5 million noncombatants. With defeat on the horizon, Hitler committed suicide with wife Eva Braun on April 30, 1945, in his Berlin bunker.
Much of the early life of Kim Jong-un is unknown to Western media. Presumably born in North Korea, Kim is the son of Ko Young-hee, an opera singer, and Kim Jong-il, who was the dictatorial leader of the country for over a decade until his death in 2011. Although Kim Jong-un has implemented some economic and agricultural reforms, human rights violations and brutal suppression of opposition have continued to be reported under his rule. He has also continued the country’s nuclear testing and what is believed to be the development of missile technology despite widespread international disapproval.
Born in Puerto Rico, Hernandez comes from a large family. Some reports indicate that he is one of 11 children. His family came to the United States in the early 1970s. By 1979, Hernandez was working in New York City, as a stock boy in a bodega. He later told police that he saw 6-year-old Etan Patz on his way to his bus stop on the morning of May 25, 1979, and offered the boy a soda. Patz reportedly went with Hernandez into the store's basement. It was there that Hernandez allegedly strangled Patz and then put his body into a garbage bag. Hernandez said he threw the body out in a trash bin.
Civil rights activist Roy Emile Alfredo Innis was born on June 6, 1934, in St. Croix, U.S. Virgin Islands. Emigrating to Harlem, New York, in 1946, he dropped out of high school to join the U.S. Army, and worked for a New York City research laboratory from 1963 to '67.
Famed hip-hop artist Drake was born to a mixed-race couple in Canada in 1986, and raised Jewish. He came to fame playing wheelchair-bound Jimmy Brooks in seven seasons of the popular teen soap Degrassi: The Next Generation. Drake began circulating mixtapes of his raps in 2006, and he signed a record deal in 2009. A multi-time Grammy winner, his hit songs include "Every Girl," "Best I Ever Had," "Money to Blow" and "Take Care."
American model and actress Kate Upton was born on June 10, 1992, and grew up in Melbourne, Florida. In 2008, she attended a casting call for Elite Model Management in Miami, Florida, and was signed to the company that same day. Upton appeared in Sports Illustrated's Swimsuit Issue in 2011, 2012, and 2017. Upton also made headlines in 2012, when a video surfaced of her provocatively dancing to the Rej3ctz's song, "Cat Daddy."
Actress Laura Prepon was born on March 7, 1980, the youngest of five siblings in a close-knit family in Watchung, New Jersey. Her father, Michael, was an orthopedic surgeon, and her mother, Marjorie, was a high school teacher. Prepon experienced a personal loss in 1993, when her father passed away while undergoing heart surgery. Her family grew extraordinarily close while coping with the loss of Prepon's father. According to Prepon, her entire family still gathers annually in New Jersey for Thanksgiving, where their quirky traditions include singing Meat Loaf's "Paradise by the Dashboard Light" together at the dining room table.
Actor Ashton Kutcher was born Feb. 7, 1978, in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. A talent scout discovered him in college, which led to modeling, most notably for Calvin Klein. In 1998, Kutcher landed the role of Kelso on That '70s Show. He later produced MTV's hit reality television show Punk'd. In 2004, he starred in The Butterfly Effect, also serving as an executive producer on the film. Kutcher went on to star in films like Guess Who, A Lot Like Love, The Guardian and No Strings Attached. In 2013, he portrayed Apple co-founder Steve Jobs in the biopic Jobs.
Born on August 22, 1978, in England, actor James Corden discovered his desire to perform at an early age. As he writes in his autobiography, Can I Have Your Attention Please?, "I wanted to entertain people, to act, sing, dance; everything and anything that would mean people would look at me and smile.
 Michael Richard Pence was born on June 7, 1959, in Columbus, Indiana. One of six children of Nancy and Edward Pence, a U.S. Army veteran who operated a series of gas stations, Mike Pence was politically influenced by the Irish Catholic leanings of his family. He grew up idolizing former President John F. Kennedy, and volunteered for the Bartholomew County Democratic Party as a student at Columbus North High School. 
U.S. President, real estate mogul and former reality TV star Donald John Trump was born in 1946, in Queens, New York. In 1971, he became involved in large, profitable building projects in Manhattan. In 1980, he opened the Grand Hyatt, which made him the city's best-known developer. In 2004, Trump began starring in the hit NBC reality series The Apprentice, which also spawned the offshoot The Celebrity Apprentice. Trump turned his attention to politics, and in 2015 he announced his candidacy for president of the United States on the Republican ticket. After winning a majority of the primaries and caucuses, Trump became the official Republican candidate for president on July 19, 2016. That November, Trump was elected the 45th President of the United States, after defeating Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton.
Ziggy Marley was born as David Nesta Marley on October 17, 1968, in Kingston, Jamaica. The oldest son of reggae great Bob Marley, Ziggy Marley has continued the family's involvement in the music scene, making a name for himself as one of the genre's leading artists in the process. He spent some of his early years growing up in Trench Town, one of Kingston’s poorest neighborhoods, as his father tried to make a success of his band, the Wailers (later Bob Marley and the Wailers). His mother, Rita Marley, also a talented singer, joined the group in the mid-1970s.
David Bowie was born in South London's Brixton neighborhood on January 8, 1947. His first hit was the song "Space Oddity" in 1969. The original pop chameleon, Bowie became a fantastical sci-fi character for his breakout Ziggy Stardust album. He later co-wrote "Fame" with Carlos Alomar and John Lennon, which became his first American No. 1 single in 1975. An accomplished actor, Bowie starred in The Man Who Fell to Earth in 1976. He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1996. Shortly after releasing his final album, Bowie died from cancer on January 10, 2016.
Singer-songwriter and model Solange Piaget Knowles was born on June 24, 1986, in Houston, Texas. Her mother, Tina, is of Creole heritage, and her father, Mathew, is African American. Her older sister is famed R&B performer Beyoncé, formerly of the all-female singing group Destiny's Child. Also an actress, dancer and savvy businesswoman, Solange Knowles performs under the name Solange.
Florence Nightingale was born on May 12, 1820, in Florence, Italy, the city which inspired her name. The younger of two daughters, Nightingale was part of an affluent British clan that belonged to elite social circles. Her mother, Frances Nightingale, hailed from a family of merchants and took pride in socializing with people of prominent standing. Despite her mother's interests, Florence herself was reportedly awkward in social situations and preferred to avoid being the center of attention whenever possible. Strong-willed, she often butted heads with her mother, whom she viewed as overly controlling.
Pop music singer Madonna was born in Bay City, Michigan on August 16, 1958. In 1981, she went solo as a pop singer and became a sensation on the then male-dominated '80s music scene. By 1991, she had achieved 21 Top 10 hits in the United States and sold more than 70 million albums internationally. In January 2008, she was named the world's wealthiest female musician by Forbes magazine.
Born on January 27, 1969, in Portsmouth, Virginia, comedian and actor Patton Oswalt is known for his work on such TV shows as The King of Queens and Veep as well as his own comedy specials. His distinctive first name is in honor of the famed General George Patton. The son of a marine officer, Oswalt moved around a lot in his early years. He and his family settled in Sterling, Virginia, in the mid-1970s. Oswalt later attended Broad Run High School.
Born Thomas Luther Bryan in Leesburg, Georgia, on July 17, 1976, Luke Bryan grew up the youngest son of a farmer. Always interested in music, Bryan was raised on his parents’ record collection, which included such country artists as George Strait, Conway Twitty and Merle Haggard.
therine Marie Heigl was born in Washington, D.C., on November 24, 1978, to Paul and Nancy Heigl. The youngest of four children, Heigl and her family settled in New Canaan, Connecticut, when she was 5 years old. "I had a wonderful childhood," Heigl once recalled. "Things were very simple. Everyone else went to beer parties; we played sardines and charades and Scrabble and went to Baskin-Robbins. It was innocent, and it was lovely—because life gets complicated soon enough. Life gets hard soon enough."
Derek Sanderson Jeter was born on June 26, 1974, in Pequannock, New Jersey. The elder of two children of Dorothy, an accountant, and Charles, a substance-abuse counselor, he moved to Kalamazoo, Michigan, at age 4 so his father could pursue a Ph.D. in psychology from Western Michigan University.
Baseball player Roberto Clemente was born on August 18, 1934, in Carolina, Puerto Rico. The son of a sugarcane worker, Roberto Clemente began his professional baseball career just after finishing high school. He signed a deal with the Brooklyn Dodgers and played with their minor league team, the Montreal Royals, for a season. The next year he went to play for the Pittsburgh Pirates and made his major league debut in 1955.
Yogi Berra is an American baseball player and coach born on May 12, 1925, in St. Louis, Missouri. Berra played for the Yankees starting in 1946 and throughout his career. Widely considered one of the best catchers in history, he won the American League Most Valuable Player award three times and as well as 10 championships. In all, Berra played in 14 World Series and 18 All-Star Games. Berra was also known for his signature style of leaving a finger outside his glove, something later imitated by other catchers. In later years, he managed the team, representing only one of six managers to lead both National and American League teams to the World Series. Berra died in 2015 at the age of 90.
Kobe Bean Bryant was born on August 23, 1978, in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Named after a Japanese steakhouse, Kobe Bryant is the son of former NBA player Joe "Jellybean" Bryant.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar was born Ferdinand Lewis Alcindor Jr. on April 16, 1947, in New York, New York. The 7'2" retired center is widely considered one of the greatest players in NBA history, and his talent was celebrated as early as high school.
Professional athlete LeBron Raymone James was born on December 30, 1984, in Akron, Ohio. At an early age, he showed a natural talent for basketball. James was recruited by St. Vincent-St. Mary High School to join their basketball team in 1999.
Michael Jordan was born in Brooklyn, New York. But, his family moved to North Carolina where he grew up. As a sophomore, at times, he struggled to get in the High School Team due to his low height. Instead he concentrated on other sports, such as baseball. But, as a late developer, he grew to 6 foot 3 inch and this helped him to dominate the junior court. Michael Jordan attended the University of North Carolina where he was named College Player of the Year but the Sporting News. In 1984, he was picked in the NBA draft by the Chicago Bulls.
Abbe Pierre, who was repeatedly voted France’s most popular man, died in 2007, aged 94. His name at birth was Henri Grouès; he was born into a prosperous and devout Catholic family in Lyon on 5th August 1912. From an early age, he was inspired to follow a religious life and in 1930 joined the Capuchin monks. He stayed for 8 years but, partly due to ill health, he struggled with the disciplined and ascetic life. Therefore, he left and became a priest in Grenoble. In 1942, he joined the resistance and helped to hide Jewish members of the community from the Nazi’s and Vichy police. Eventually, he was arrested, but he managed to escape and fled to North Africa to join the free French led by Charles de Gaulle.
Mother Teresa was born in 1910 in Skopje, the capital of the Republic of Macedonia. Little is known about her early life, but at a young age, she felt a calling to be a nun and serve through helping the poor. At the age of 18, she was given permission to join a group of nuns in Ireland. After a few months of training, with the Sisters of Loreto, she was then given permission to travel to India. She took her formal religious vows in 1931 and chose to be named after St Therese of Lisieux – the patron saint of missionaries.
Edith Cavell was born in Swardeston, near Norwich. Her father was a priest in the Anglican church; this religious faith, she was brought up with, was to provide an important influence on her life. In 1900, she trained to be a nurse at the London hospital. In 1907, she was recruited to be the matron of a new nursing school in Brussels. This was a period of growth in the prestige and importance of nursing; a period which began with Florence Nightingale during the Crimean War. In 1910, Miss Cavell began one of the first nursing journals, L’infirmiere, this documented good nursing practises and basic standards. She became a teacher of nurses in different hospitals throughout Belgium and sought to improve standards of nursing. In the Nursing Mirror, Edith Cavell, writes.
Rosa Louise McCauley was born in Tuskegee, Alabama, on February 4, 1913. Her ancestors included both Irish-Scottish lineage and also a great grandmother who was a slave. She attended local rural schools, and after the age of 11, the Industrial School for Girls in Montgomery. However, she later had to opt out of school to look after her grandmother.
Elizabeth Gurney was born, 21 May 1780, in Norwich, Norfolk to a prominent Quaker family. Her father was a partner in Gurney bank, and her mother was a relative of the Barclays, who founded Barclays Bank. After her mother had died when she was 12, she took an active role in bringing up her other siblings. She also became friendly with Amelia Alderson, whose family were active in the movement for universal suffrage. Thus, as a young adult, Fry became acquainted with liberal and reforming ideas, such as the works of Thomas Paine and Mary Wollstonecraft as well as her own Quaker religion.
Audrey Hepburn was born to an English father and Dutch mother in Belgium, May 4th, 1929. Her father’s job as an insurance agent meant the family often moved between England, Holland and Belgium. In 1935, her parents divorced; one reason for this was that her father was a Nazi sympathiser. The divorce was very traumatic for six year old Audrey; she would later say it was the most traumatic incident of her life. After the war, despite suffering under the Nazi occupation,  Audrey later tracked down her father to Dublin and supported him financially. From 1935-58, Audrey went to boarding school in Kent; in 1939 her mother moved the family to Arnhem in the Netherlands, where she thought it would be safe from Nazi invasion.
Helen Keller was born 27 June 1880 in Tusculum, Alabama. When she was only 19 months old, she experienced a severe childhood illness, which left her deaf and blind (only a very partial sight). For the first few years of her life, she was only able to communicate with her family through a rudimentary number of signs; she had a little more success communicating with the six year old daughter of the family cook. However, unable to communicate properly, she was considered to be badly behaved, for example, eating from the plates of anyone on the table with her fingers.
Born in Siberia, Soviet Union in 1932, Raisa Maximovna endured many of the hardships of her Russian generation. Her family was touched by the Stalinist purges of the 1930s. Her maternal grandfather was arrested in the 1930s and sent to a gulag where he was executed.
William Booth was born in Sneinton, Nottingham, England in 1829. Although his family were relatively prosperous, his father later lost his money and was declared bankrupt. William grew up in a situation of poverty.
Tegla Loroupe was born in Kutomwony in the West Pokot District of Keyna – situated in the Rift Valley, north of Nairobi. Tegla grew up with 24 siblings; her father had four wives. She spent her childhood working fields and looking after younger brothers and sisters. From an early age, Loroupe was given a nickname – Chametia. It means “the one who never gets annoyed.” – reflecting her cheerful personality.
Born in 1879, Ulm Germany, Albert Einstein was to become the most celebrated scientist of the Twentieth Century. His theories were to lay the framework for new branches of physics. He also become well known as a humanitarian, speaking out against nuclear weapons – weapons he had indirectly contributed towards creating.
Jane Goodall was born on, 3rd April, 1934 in London, England. Her childhood ambition was to spend time with animals in the wild. In particular, she was drawn to the African continent and the dream of seeing wild animals in their native habitat. It was an unusual ambition for a girl at the time, but it was an ambition supported by her parents, especially her mother. After the war, Jane left school and found work as a secretary at Oxford University. In 1956, Jane, jumped at the opportunity to travel to a friend’s farm in Kenya.
Bryan Lee Cranston (born March 7, 1956)[1] is an American actor, screenwriter, director, producer, comedian and voice actor. He is best known for portraying Walter White on the AMC crime drama series Breaking Bad, Hal on the Fox comedy series Malcolm in the Middle, and Dr. Tim Whatley on the NBC comedy series Seinfeld. For Breaking Bad, he won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series four times (2008–2010, 2014), including three consecutive wins (the second time in television history after Bill Cosby in I Spy during the 1960s).[2] After becoming one of the producers of Breaking Bad in 2011, he also won the award for Outstanding Drama Series twice.[3]
Linwood Boomer (born October 9, 1955) is a Canadian-American television producer, writer, and former actor. He is well known for playing the role of Adam Kendall on the drama Little House on the Prairie, and for creating the Fox sitcom Malcolm in the Middle.
Francisco "Frankie" Muñiz IV (born December 5, 1985)[1] is an American actor, musician, writer, producer, race car driver, and band manager. In the early-to-mid 2000s, he garnered fame as the star of the Fox television family sitcom Malcolm in the Middle, which earned him an Emmy Award nomination and two Golden Globe Award nominations.
Jane Frances Kaczmarek (born 21 December 1955) is an American actress. She is best known for playing the character of Lois on the television series Malcolm in the Middle (2000–06). Kaczmarek is a three-time Golden Globe and seven-time Emmy Award nominee.
Christopher Kennedy Masterson (born January 22, 1980) is an American actor and disc jockey known best for his role as Francis on Malcolm in the Middle. He is the younger brother of That '70s Show cast member Danny Masterson, and older brother of The Walking Dead star Alanna Masterson, who portrays Tara Chambler.
Alanna Masterson (born June 27, 1988) is an American actress who is best known for her role as Tara Chambler in the AMC television series The Walking Dead.
Masterson was born on Long Island, New York, the son of Carol Masterson, a manager, and Peter Masterson, an insurance agent.[5] Masterson, like his brother Danny Masterson, is a follower of Scientology. The two have invested in restaurants together.[6] He also has a half-sister, actress Alanna Masterson, and a half-brother, actor Jordan Masterson.[7]
Jeff Eastin (born March 7, 1967) is an American television producer and screenwriter. He is the creator of the drama series White Collar and the police drama series Graceland, both on the USA Network. Eastin also served as executive producer and showrunner for both shows.[1][2][3]
Tim DeKay was born June 12, 1963 to Jim and Jill DeKay in Lansing, New York, where he and his brother Jamey grew up. Growing up DeKay enjoyed athletics, and he played both varsity basketball and baseball, the latter of which is a generational tradition in his family. He also enjoyed the arts, and performed in his high school's production of Oliver!. He attended Le Moyne College to study Business and Philosophy, where he also played baseball, eventually deciding to pursue a career in theater.[2][3] After graduating with a bachelor's degree in business administration in 1985, he planned for a career in business or law, but eventually realized that the theater was his true calling. After taking a few courses in directing at Syracuse University,[4] he attended Rutgers University, where he received a Master of Fine Arts and met his wife, actress Elisa Taylor. The couple lives in California with their two children,[5] daughter Danna and son Jamis.[6]
Matthew Staton "Matt" Bomer (born October 11, 1977) is an American actor. He made his television debut with Guiding Light in 2001, and gained recognition with his recurring role in the NBC television series Chuck. He played the lead role of con-artist Neal Caffrey in the USA Network series White Collar from 2009 to 2014. Bomer won a Golden Globe Award and received a Primetime Emmy Award nomination for his supporting role as Felix Turner, opposite Mark Ruffalo, in the HBO television film The Normal Heart (2014).[3] Bomer made a guest appearance on the fourth season of FX's horror anthology series American Horror Story. He was later upgraded to main cast during the fifth season.
Willie Garson (born William Garson Paszamant;[1] February 20, 1964) is an American character actor. He has appeared in over fifty movies, usually playing minor roles. He is known for playing Stanford Blatch on the HBO series Sex and the City and in the related films Sex and the City and Sex and the City 2, and for his role as Mozzie, in the USA Network series White Collar from 2009 to 2014.
Thiessen was born in Long Beach, California, the daughter of Robyn (née Ernest), a homemaker, and Frank Thiessen, a park designer and landscape architect.[1] She has credited her brother, Todd, as one of her most important sources of inspiration, and her mother and grandmother as role models.[2] She attended Cubberley Elementary and Marshall Junior High School in Long Beach. In 1992, Thiessen graduated as valedictorian at Valley Professional High School in Studio City, Los Angeles.
Lyndsy Marie Fonseca (born January 7, 1987) is an American actress.[1] She began her career by appearing as Colleen Carlton on the CBS daytime soap opera The Young and the Restless, on which she starred between 2001 and 2005. Thereafter, she had a series of other recurring roles, including Penny Mosby on the CBS sitcom How I Met Your Mother, Donna on HBO's Big Love, and Dylan Mayfair on the fourth season of the ABC television series Desperate Housewives.
